These are simple utils for debian-installer:

mapdevfs: Given a devfs device name, returns the name that would be used on
a non devfs system. Only works for some devices, used by eg, boot loader
installers.

anna-install: Each parameter is a udeb that anna should install. If this
command is run before anna has configured a default retriever, the udebs
will be queued for the future anna run. If it's run after a default
retriever is configured, the specified udebs will be installed immediately.

apt-install: The parameter is a deb that should be installed into /target.
If the /target environment is not yet set up, the package will be queued for
later installation (at the end of base-installation).
If /target is already set up, the package will be installed straightaway.
apt-install makes use of in-target and debconf-apt-progress to allow
condiguration questions to be asked and to allow media changes if multiple
CD/DVD sources have been set up. In case of multiple CD/DVD sources,
apt-install will unmount the installation CD/DVD in the D-I environment
for the duration of the package installation; the installation CD/DVD is
reloaded afterwards.

in-target: Runs the specified command in /target and returns its exit
status. The debconf passthrough frontend is used to make debconf questions
be asked using cdebconf in the installer. This is especially useful for
running things like dpkg-reconfigure, debconf-apt-progress, and tasksel.

debconf-get: Prints out the value of a debconf question.

debconf-set: Sets a debconf question to a value.

register-module: Register a module to go in /etc/modules on the target. May
be called before the target is mounted. Can optionally pass parameters that
should be passed to the module on load; these are added to the appropriate
files in /etc to mae modprobe use them. If the -p parameter is passed then
the module is not added to /etc/modules and only the specified parameters
are set for it. The -t parameter is used to specify the type of options
(currently only the default type "options" is used).
The -a parameter makes register-module add a param, without removing any
other params that might have been previously registered.
The -i parameter makes the module be added to the initrd used to boot the
installed system, and loaded during boot. If the script is called with the
-b parameter, the module will be blacklisted.

user-params: Output the parameters the user passed to the kernel on boot,
one per line. This should include only parameters the user entered by hand,
and will skip over parameters used to pre-seed debconf values or set kernel
module-specific parameters. For any of the user's parameters to be
recognised, the kernel command line must include "--" in it, and then all
parameters after the -- are assumed to be user input. Therefore, the
installer's boot loader should pass "--" at the end of its kernel command
line to make this work.

log-output: Runs a command, logging any stdout/stderr output to the syslog,
and preserving the command's exit code. If you use the --pass-stdout option,
it will pass stdout through rather than logging it, so that you can redirect
it to a file or pipe it to another process. Note that the command must be
in the path, shell builtins won't work.

debconf-disconnect: Scripts running under the control of debconf can use
this to execute a command disconnected from debconf, with its standard file
descriptors the same as those of the debconf frontend itself. This is most
useful for starting interactive shells.

update-dev: Make sure that new device nodes have been created after loading
modules. This is particularly important for userdevfs, where disk device
nodes are not created automatically at all, but it is also important for
udev where there may be an asynchronous delay between loading the module and
udev getting around to creating the device node.

search-path: Returns true if a program is found in the path (d-i has no
"which" command); this is deprecated, and new code should simply use
"type PROGRAM >/dev/null 2>&1" instead.

list-devices: List device nodes representing devices of various types,
handling both devfs and udev naming schemes.
